Add few new lang BBEs (#3084)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-distribution: examples/built-in-integer-subtypes/built_in_integer_subtypes.md

# Built-in integer subtypes

> Ballerina has one integer type (`int`) which is a 64-bit, signed type. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ballerina has one integer type (`int`), which is a 64-bit, signed type. 
```

The `ballerina/lang.int` lang library defines the following built-in subtypes of this `int` type.

- `int:Signed32`
- `int:Unsigned32`
- `int:Signed16`
- `int:Unsigned16`
- `int:Signed8`
- `int:Unsigned8` (same as `byte`)

> Runtime behaviour of operations on these subtypes are the same as for the `int` type. Bitwise operations with operands of these types have special typing which allow using a more specific type for the operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The runtime behavior of operations on these subtypes are the same as for the `int` type. Bitwise operations with operands of these types have special typing, which allows using a more specific type for the operation.
```
